dsco-cra-prd                 ap121481-maintsvc-prd-blue-deploy                                 3/3     3            3           35d
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap135600-fiin-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d19h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap136115-fihi-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d22h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap136123-fipo-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d22h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137842-ftdt-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d22h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137843-ftdf-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d22h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137844-fhth-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d20h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137846-fpbe-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d22h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137848-fpco-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d22h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137849-fphi-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d22h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137850-fpin-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d21h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137851-fpiv-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d21h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137852-fpli-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d21h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137853-fppe-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d20h
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137854-fppo-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           9d
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap137855-fsse-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           9d
dsco-fidata-fidaas-prd       ap138065-frsy-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           5d18h
dsco-ice-prd                 ap136089-cmft-prd-green-deploy                                    4/4     4            4           19d
dsco-ice-prd                 ap141973-cmas-prd-green-deploy                                    4/4     4            4           19d
eq-pm-prd                    ap157232-aeqs-prd-blue-deploy                                     1/1     1            1           8d
eq-pm-prd                    ap157232-aeqs-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fha-hiat-pm-prd              ap115964-trades-prd-green-deploy                                  3/3     3            3           52d
fha-hiat-pm-prd              ap156863-ordsync-prd-blue-deploy                                  1/1     1            1           7d8h
fift-bondpbm-prd             ap138996-pbmo-prd-blue-deploy                                     2/2     2            2           28d
fift-bondpbm-prd             ap139300-pbmc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           13d
fift-bondpm-prd              ap112494-rtsv-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           40d
fift-bondpm-prd              ap133769-bpos-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           29d
fift-bondpm-prd              ap136484-bphp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           26d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap123553-bpcp-prd-green-deploy                                    3/3     3            3           15d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap123553-bpmu-prd-green-deploy                                    3/3     3            3           6d18h
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap123553-epgs-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap123553-epjp-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           23d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap123553-epmb-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap123553-epml-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap133678-rrcs-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           45d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap133750-bdsa-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap134183-dmcp-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           15d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap134183-dmgs-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap134183-dmjp-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           47d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap134183-dmma-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap134183-dmmu-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           6d18h
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap136737-bets-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           30d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap136900-btus-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           37d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137468-brtl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           30d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137526-bsus-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           41d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137527-boes-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137529-btms-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           48d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137818-bttl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           30d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137819-bmep-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           35d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137823-brrp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           45d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137824-cali-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           33d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137824-calm-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           33d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137827-bmcs-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           35d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap137828-bmda-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           35d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap139172-bcmf-prd-blue-deploy                                     1/1     1            1           41h
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap139183-btos-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap141344-msos-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap141681-bfhc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           41h
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap145272-btmi-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           35d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap145937-fcma-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           6d18h
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap146842-trar-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           6d18h
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap153105-gmsa-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fift-bondtrd-prd             ap155616-fiaj-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           20d
fift-fimmport-prd            ap134661-pren-prd-green-deploy                                    8/8     8            8           21d
fift-fimmport-prd            ap134762-papr-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           21d
fift-fimmport-prd            ap138564-hdas-prd-green-deploy                                    8/8     8            8           6d18h
fift-fimmport-prd            ap138626-hcas-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           6d18h
fift-fimmport-prd            ap138629-evpb-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           18h
fift-fimmport-prd            ap138631-mhep-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           16h
fift-fimmport-prd            ap140684-thep-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           6d17h
fift-fimmport-prd            ap142629-mmpj-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           15d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap133754-bcts-prd-blue-deploy                                     1/1     1            1           2d13h
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap136341-tbak-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           21d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap136426-krts-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap137592-rdas-prd-green-deploy                                    4/4     4            4           14d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap137601-reco-prd-green-deploy                                    4/4     4            4           14d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139307-auds-prd-green-deploy                                    4/4     4            4           23d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139315-trct-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           16d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139316-trca-prd-green-deploy                                    4/4     4            4           24d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139318-mtsc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           48d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139320-fcds-prd-green-deploy                                    10/10   10           10          36d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139321-celp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139322-ccrs-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           27d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139323-ccps-prd-green-deploy                                    10/10   10           10          36d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139326-ccas-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           36d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139327-cmep-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           15d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139328-rccs-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           14d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139329-fios-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           23d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139330-cfca-prd-green-deploy                                    4/4     4            4           23d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139331-prsv-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           23d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139334-fioe-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           39h
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139335-edas-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           24d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139336-econ-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           23d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap139340-nose-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           36d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap140233-gats-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           36d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap141156-gdas-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           36d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap149335-rgrs-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           36d
fift-fimmtrd-prd             ap150250-cars-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           24d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fiac-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fiam-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fibb-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fibc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-ficd-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-ficg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fict-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fidl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fifg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fifp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-finl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-finp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fipl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fith-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fitl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fitu-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-fity-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139353-prd   ap139353-ftil-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139354-prd   ap139354-fibb-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap139354-prd   ap139354-fibc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissbond-ap139354-prd   ap139354-fihl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissbond-ap139354-prd   ap139354-fint-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fiac-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fibb-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fibc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-ficd-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-ficg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fict-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fidg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fidl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           23d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fifg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fifl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fifp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fihl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-finl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-finp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fipl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fitc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fith-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fitl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fitu-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fity-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-fpoa-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           26d
fift-fissbond-ap143120-prd   ap143120-ftil-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fisscc-pr108475-prd     ap136474-fies-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fift-fisscc-pr108475-prd     ap136476-fisp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           13d
fift-fisscc-pr108475-prd     ap137528-fips-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           12d
fift-fisscc-pr108475-prd     ap137834-fica-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           9d
fift-fisscc-pr108475-prd     ap141946-fihc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           42h
fift-fisscc-pr108475-prd     ap144969-fito-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           8d
fift-fisscc-pr108475-prd     ap153843-fitr-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           42h
fift-fissitd-ap139557-prd    ap139557-fibb-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           56d
fift-fissitd-ap139557-prd    ap139557-fibc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           70d
fift-fissitd-ap139557-prd    ap139557-ficu-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           70d
fift-fissitd-ap139557-prd    ap139557-fiex-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           70d
fift-fissitd-ap139557-prd    ap139557-finl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           70d
fift-fissitd-ap139557-prd    ap139557-firc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           70d
fift-fissitd-ap139557-prd    ap139557-fitl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           70d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fiam-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           26d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fibb-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-ficl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fidg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fidl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           54d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fifg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fihl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fiip-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-finl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-finp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fisl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fiss-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fitc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fith-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           54d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fitl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fitu-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fity-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-fpoa-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap137589-prd   ap137589-ftil-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fiac-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fibc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           54d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-ficd-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-ficg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fict-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fidd-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fifl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fifp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fint-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-finu-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fipg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fipl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap138929-prd   ap138929-fipm-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-fibb-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           51d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-fibc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-fict-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           54d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-fidl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-fiip-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-finc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-finl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-finp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-fisl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           54d
fift-fissmmkt-ap139358-prd   ap139358-fitl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           52d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fibc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-ficd-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-ficg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fidg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fidl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           49d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fiex-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fifg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fifp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fihl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fiip-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-finl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-finp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-finu-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fipg-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fipl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-firc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fisl-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-fissres-ap139421-prd    ap139421-fisu-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           50d
fift-globlcsh-prd            ap155903-ccss-prd-blue-deploy                                     3/3     3            3           7h23m
fift-research-prd            ap135209-insa-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           44d
fift-research-prd            ap136214-anpm-prd-green-deploy                                    2/2     2            2           34d
fift-research-prd            ap137724-fexp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           19d
fift-research-prd            ap137725-fstp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-research-prd            ap137727-fwip-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           16d
fift-research-prd            ap137730-fina-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           26d
fift-research-prd            ap137731-trhh-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           26d
fift-research-prd            ap137732-cfis-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           10d
fift-research-prd            ap137734-mcrp-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-research-prd            ap137735-firt-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           26d
fift-research-prd            ap137736-fisr-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           26d
fift-research-prd            ap137737-fins-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-research-prd            ap137738-fian-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-research-prd            ap138941-fgda-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-research-prd            ap144960-pwdc-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           34d
fift-research-prd            ap150674-srae-prd-green-deploy                                    1/1     1            1           16d
fift-trdsvc-pr103523-prod    ap123247-cthm-prod-green-deploy                                   3/3     3            3           13d
fift-trdsvc-pr103523-prod    ap156813-ctds-prod-green-deploy                                   2/2     2            2           34d
fift-trdsvc-pr103523-prod    ap156814-ctca-prod-green-deploy                                   1/1     1            1           2d4h
fift-trdsvc-pr103523-prod    ap156815-ctfp-prod-green-deploy                                   4/4     4            4           13d
fift-trdsvc-pr103523-prod    ap156816-ctpr-prod-green-deploy                                   1/1     1            1           13d




